let's go welcome back northern land
plays of binding of issac doing eatin
runs and honestly the eatin gods have
been good if I've learned something in
my long pseudo illustrious I had a
career you make hay when the Sun's up
buddy because when you hit dusk
ya ain't got the lucky you used to why
pH c3 mm eh I don't like that it has THC
in it I don't like that it as MMA in it
one number we know numbers bring the
strength so I'm a little scared here why
not THC I'm anti drug the only drug I
take is the drug of life also caffeine
technically sugar I guess we want to get
to that level croc a deal sometimes no
this is joke why not MMA the only
violence I have is in video games
otherwise I'm a pacifist
little baby 0.97 good rate of fire 0.97
speed rate of fire is 9 which is good
sure the extrapolator that separated
them and set it that way damage is
terrible shielded tears is a decent
because our rate of fire is fine better
than fine and the straw is a lovely
starting item so I actually think that
we're probably looking at like a six six
and a half out of ten start here
good rate of fire below average damage
very good spacebar item especially if
things continue to pop and shielded
tears is not useless
it will have an impact on the run one
way or the other hopefully that impact
is in the positive direction but I will
say you never know you know
I will not replace the straw with
shootable
the straw the straw at night is big and
bright deep in the heart of Eden know
why the straw is what does so much
damage here but strange choice for this
item I mean I've had some sharp straws
in my day
use it to pierce the veil oh let's go
now you use it to pierce the frosting on
your bubble tea cup so I don't really
like bubble tea that much but I've seen
it consumed I've eaten it in my life or
I mean it isn't something you drink or
something you eat I've got a little bit
of both right because of the tapioca
pearls but not really that much of a
bubble tea man I'm not going to say that
bubble tea is nest
Sara Lee a feminine food because I think
that that's like some needless pink is a
girl's color blue is a boys color sort
of weirdness what I will say is that I
have never met a dude in my life who is
as excited about bubble tea as every
girl I've ever met in my life who's
excited about bubble tea like my wife is
a bubble tea monster and I use that word
in like the Monsters Inc sort of cute
sort of way instead of like the babadook
sort away although the babadook s-- in
the news for different reasons now so
you can't win for losing on this one but
she is like sometimes I have to talk her
about talk her out of getting like
bubble tea delivered like you know we
are looking for something to get ordered
in on Friday night you know a nice
little night watch a movie or something
like that on the digital cable box
because we're a hundred years old
and then she's like oh we can get like
that place and then also they've got
bubble tea on this place I'm like I'm
not kind of wait for a bubble tea order
and a food order from another place
that's absurd but I respect that you
know what in this life you know what you
like and you go for it
and for her that's that's bubble tea I
mean also you know me I hope at least if
it came down to me versus bubble tea I
hope she did it first be like why are
you drawing this arbitrary distinction
and I'd be like well I just want to know
you know if it should be an easy answer
and then she'd be like fine you but
bubble tea would never ask that just so
you know and that's something in the
bubble tea camp I can't deny that but
I'm a petty man being outfoxed by a
class of drink here first floor it's
done it was about I mean in terms of
like pace pretty normal we do like old
bandage I don't know why I said it so
strangely but I do like old bandage and
we should have a cause to celebrate
having more HP containers because I mean
old bandage is going to help fill them
up the straw is going to help fill them
up but obviously like DPS is on our mind
right now
and mysterious multi-dimensional baby
not doing a fantastic job of making that
alleviating that concern let's say but
this run is like we've had way way worse
if we get a speed upgrade and a ended
DPS upgrade preferably damaged but tears
with shielded tears would also be fine
then I will be I'll be loved in life is
there anything we can get to have a
charge up or increase the speed at which
we charge up the the straw I'm trying to
think don't know if anything that
charges within the course of a single
room that has enemies on it can can
actually get a charge boost but it's not
that it matters that much dude please
thank you all right all right all right
so we definitely want to use a bomb here
get the Emperor you know what I'm
actually going to pop that Emperor card
right away
reasoning for that basically comes down
to I want this deal with the devil as
soon as possible I don't think we're
going to squander it but I want VPS if
you're going to give me DPS and the more
the merrier as far as straw charges here
straw charges then I wish you saw little
horn in a devil now this you know what
let's go angel deals we haven't had a
full on angel deal run in in a little
while here and I'd like to see the angel
deals pop some trinkets that make angel
deals better that's pretty good and we
haven't we haven't had too many
situations I mean might never
proportional to the number of runs that
we do get too many situations where
we're like the new angel deals have done
it again you know but we haven't had too
many runs where the angel deals seem to
give us everything we wanted in more in
this life so hopeful that maybe we can
make that happen piggy bank is fine
that's why I picked it up I don't expect
it to be great but we do have enough HP
and and the means with which to play a
lot of blood banks if we're we're able
to get there we got a lot of HP coming
from
bandaged hopefully coming from the straw
coming straight out of Compton crazy
maple fudger named ice cube from the
gangs called buddies with attitude when
I'm called off I get a hug off wrap my
arms sadness is hauled off it's the the
pg-13 version that's actually the G
version the pg-13 version is just it's
censored with like bleeps the g-rated
version is now it's about I didn't even
think they're enemies on this dream to
be honest the g-rated version is now
like who when I got I gotta give you put
it in Mia Oh what I mean is that I want
a hug and kiss yeah please I'm looking
and like beggin didn't hear anything
drop there for an arcade this Yas okay
now don't do this thing where you give
me an arcade and I get excited and then
it turns out that the arcade is actually
just you know three slot machines dope
okay we're in the clear here they've
been to move into the QC they sexy
better go pum pum pum okay thanks thank
you thank you the luck up is huge and
honestly I'm gonna go like I wouldn't
say for broke but I'm gonna I'm gonna
make some plays here it's a very small
key if Ellen know the speeds downgrade
is is very nasty I'm willing to push the
limit on this one it's basically what
I'm getting that's what we're looking
for old Vantage comes through in the
clutch
thanks for the red heart nothing
personnel kid
just throw in spirit hearts away but
I've got a dream that we're gonna pull
this one together I'll go down to two
spirit hearts and it might seem
ridiculous it may actually be ridiculous
but I want the I want the blood bag very
much and if we can get some luck
upgrades or just a ton of money out of
it either way that's also fine by me but
I really want the blood bag for the sort
of speed upgrades I don't want to deal
with 0.85 speed I didn't want to deal
with 0.97 speed and now that's even
worse I certainly don't want to mess
about with thank you thank you okay we
got a trinket I'm not worried about boss
rush on this run if it happens it
happens probably will not at this point
and that's fine
so we got blood bag sure we sacked a lot
to make it happen I'm okay with that we
also have 55 cents now which is very
good
so we're two minutes behind schedule but
I don't think we're going to make up two
minutes with our with our run just
because of the extra speed that we got
especially considering there is a speed
downgrade associated with it as well but
I do think that if I can go back in time
and do that again I totally would so
again we're going deals with the Angels
so we should save a bomb if possible but
I think we've been that floor actually
makes me feel pretty good because it you
know that's how you know I don't want to
say that you're a master of your craft
but that's how you know you're
comfortable with the game when you're
like you know what I could throw away a
lot of a very precious resource right
here to gain something that's a little
bit more of a luxury for myself and
probably be completely fine and it's
pretty much like exactly how it went
down dude
I'll be the first to tell you we
obviously did not improve our DPS on the
last floor which definitely made it to
the top of the TSN draft boards as a
most important thing
Thank You shielded tears PSN is a
Canadian sports network by the way so
we're trying to uh we're trying to kill
the enemies I mean ideally as soon as we
walk into the room not always going to
be at all realistic but if the strong
can make it so we could realistically
you know like four tap them after we hit
them with a straw that's a start so
right now we're just fairly consistently
eating it from a DPS standpoint but I
think we're going to get you emperor
lovers lovers card might be important is
there's a chance this run finds itself
in a state where the lovers card matters
more than I'd like it to ended up being
worth it I think to do this obviously
the money's now where the whole heck of
a lot in a pretty good situation
financially speaking but still got to
try that
oh that's just that hurts me deep in my
soul because that that's an admonishment
of my own character right there that
it's like that damage so the straws
directly feeds off of our actual like
capital D damage stance so raising our
rate of fire would be great for our
shields here set up here but we do need
literal damage if we're gonna if we're
going to make the straw pop we could
always choose to roll with a different
space bar item it seems like this isn't
going to get the job done we could also
you know hopefully just ball out with
like an orbital or something like that
and be a little bit less concerned about
things until our damage pops if it ever
does and then use straw
you know productively in that situation
sure I'll take this I'll take King baby
because I sort of don't see a reason to
take it or not to take it we're buying
stuff and it actually worked out for us
we're buying stuff because we need to
throw everything at the wall and see
what sticks to be honest with you
we did find our second secret room as
well I'm going to use the tower card on
the boss fight is silly as that might
seem I think it's doubtlessly the right
choice here Steven is a nice damage up
actually very pleasant damage up and all
around class act so appreciate that
we're at four point six nine damage now
straw is going to be much more
productive I'm still not too far behind
schedule although you know my boss rush
dreams no longer no longer seem as
applicable with every passing floor they
get a little bit less likely to come to
fruition hot and fresh out the kitchen
I'd say No Deal that's fine but another
tiers upgrades we really improved
ourselves DPS wise on like the final
three rooms there and the more the
merrier
forget boss rush for now just focus on
the smart money which definitely for now
is uh your HP as low as possible picking
up some luck upgrades if you can
leveraging piggy bank this is why we can
afford to spend so much money and there
we go more HP with a speed upgrade
associated with it as well I actually
feel like we are capable of killing
enemies now so it's a great sign for us
as a as a character here not quite one
tap at enemies into oblivion yet with
the straw but you know a good deal with
the angel here surprising you know
golden chests pay out there Bob's your
uncle we're off to the races
probably never going to be able to take
advantage of this boss trap room I'm
like mildly more attached than usual to
boss for us right now because the straw
is a good boss rush item but anything
you can use all the time it is a decent
choice for boss rush relative to how it
normally usually so I mean the lovers
card was not an exceptional pickup there
are no laws slipped into a cockney
accent there I don't know why I thought
a cockney accent was Australian
apparently it's offend as many other
Commonwealth countries as I can all at
once now do you understand it's you
can't offend Commonwealth countries
which is not true I say that as a
Canadian has been defended before in my
life yeah Oh in might fancy a spot of
ice hockey do you know I don't that's
very offensive I'm here to get medical
treatment please I have a splinter in my
in my elbow I've broken my caucus and
you are being a racist right now but we
have this this permanent all it's so
good Thank You death touch other
Commonwealth countries like Canada
included members of these countries can
always bond over Americans being
insulting to you about your sovereign
state
hey have you ever had any Americans come
over to you and ask you if the Queen was
your head of state God certainly have
night all the time
I'm not laughing this is now like the
the Australian dude on a Ridley Scott
like alien reboot or held is some action
down now been itching all the news Mon
trigger fingers the years right this is
not meant to be actually Australian it's
just it's meant to be like hey my name
is a Darcy Tucker I'm from Wichita I'll
be playing Mick Dundee in this film it's
a ferret Lee brothers joined did I go to
the shop I don't to go with you to shop
either way like we're actually rolling
now where it we're in such a good spot
the
cost ourselves a lot of HP with nine
lives but I'm happy to have it food and
ex placebo just so lovely we'll always
have that bond is the queen candidates
head of state yes
on a literal level just in the same way
that GlaxoSmithKline is the american
head of state just the same nerves -
real - real
don't forget about Procter and Gamble I
did but no the queen is Canada's head of
state on on paper but it's the same way
that the queen is also England's head of
state but you know if she ever tried to
be like hey you can't do that they'd be
like okay now you're no longer England's
head of state like it's just a nice
thing that was like steeped in tradition
and we haven't really gotten around we
haven't a good reason to get rid of it
yet you know it's like you got a shirt
in your closet and you're like that was
my favorite shirt I don't really wear it
that much anymore but sometimes I'm like
aw I remember the good times we had in
that shirt those were those are swell
the actual it's not like the Queen sits
in Parliament here I'm just trying to
dispel a stereos not even a stereotype
just though it's the falsehood okay I'm
going to donate we got the cash we got
the capital and we want the luck to be
honest with you I think we're going to
we're going to pop and possibly get the
boss searched look at that angel deal
chance come up there not that it raises
our devil deal chance to begin with but
you know got a peep it got a check we do
want to get the ability to fly I'm kind
of surprised that was 6.50 damage I have
not yet I've not yet like one tap
enemies even close to consistently but
the other thing Commonwealth countries
share is people try to do impressions of
us all the time and then we have to go
that's not what we sound like like you
probably did earlier on in this episode
as my guest but it always be like oh
you're from Canada oh you're from Canada
eh oh go down to the Air Canada Centre
watch the Montreal Canadiens shoot
around the old flippy Paco and you
oh that's not what we sound like and
they go ho ho this doesn't know what we
sound like yes right I'm I hear you
there
Malibu nights in Canada dreams we got
nothing that's five we went to our shop
we did not go to our item room
honestly we got the time here
okay let's go that is our third blood
bag I'm not intending this to be the
anti-american episode at all you know I
think even more than most I have a great
respect for our friends and neighbors
across the border I go down to the
United States on many occasions despite
the fact that your dollar is currently a
currency powerhouse so if you go to
McDonald's it's like $28 Canadian to eat
a sandwich $28 Canadian what's that like
40 cents in there see you're doing the
thing again where you make me not want
to like you you know in spite of the
fact that we're in close proximity to
each other you're making fun of
somebody's country it's just where they
were born they got no control over it
Plus cannon is a g8 nation I got nothing
to apologize for okay anyway the point
is ever you bring up America around the
Canadian or getting all sorts of
complicated is there's pent up
aggression and misunderstanding and
resentment and and all sorts of stuff I
know you're going to be doing the John
handle I don't think about you at all it
doesn't bother me through it's just
that's what happens when you're in the
shadow you know shadow thinks about the
Sun does the Sun think about the shadow
now but sometimes is nice in the shade
prove me wrong
so we're not gonna make boss rush but I
didn't feel good about just skipping our
item room so if we can get like an
emperor card sign me up we probably will
not but we might as well look
come yeah okay I'm taking that for the
speed upgrade mostly now I want to like
I want to freaking zip man no come on I
know we got an emperor in here I know we
got an MP murdered-out MP please nothing
we're it's I mean it's breaking my heart
here because I know that I want to make
it but we're not going to be able to
make boss rush but if we ever were able
to make boss rush 1.95 he is going to
need enough to do it there's no question
about it this is our last chance
basically two of the imaan days it's
pretty great you again we got to be
careful not to accidentally blow up our
donation machine we're kind of getting
down into that range Hermann oh it's
still plausible not likely but plausible
please teleport worthy room not we got
to start like this and then you just go
out and I know you're going to look at
this you're going to go why would you
ever sacrifice like anything to go to
boss rush with this you just don't
understand okay dad I still think
there's no chance we make it but there
might be like a better no chance now
this pains me deep in my soul we have to
bounce we can't do it we got to it but
we can't do it
it would only would have been better if
that were the Emperor but that's that's
hard cuz like we worse we were there
right we were at boss rush but we're at
the boss fight at least but I was
watching the time there's no conceivable
way we could have made it to the point
that we killed the boss in time and we
might have skipped our deal with the
angel to do it so you know let's keep an
eye on what's important on this run and
that's that's having a fun time and
having a fun time is it's going to be
easier to have a fun time if we play
smart you know play a little sensibly
altitude absolutely BFF we definitely
should have bought restock first but
that's fine let's hope it I mean it's
feel pretty good but I was hoping for a
fuller year old heir to the spades
foolery rule what am I talking about I
don't know doesn't matter anyway
good stuff Libra absolutely let's go
damage up speed down
that's actually pretty acceptable I'd
say we're going to go no we're not going
to go here we don't have an arcade
either so we're pretty much out at this
point I think we did well on our uh on
our shop we don't need more than 32 keys
I mean if this is a daily we'd maybe
push it a little harder but let's be
real here
okay so we got maybe a few more rerolls
built in here we should have gone
starter deck but doesn't really matter
this point black candles pretty big
puberty pill is that bad yeah I mean
there's a double key room back there but
I don't know I'm not that impressed with
double key rooms can't believe he made
it there deserve to get hit no question
it's one of those ones even people who
are big fans of mine are like I really
wish he got hit there so we didn't get
the idea that that's a good idea
and you know our damage is actually
better now and our DPS is better because
our tear rate didn't change this should
tell you everything you need to know we
just can't make it no deal
dad hurts me because I'm really trying
to make these angel deals pops and
you're not giving me the opportunity the
popper tunity
how many times now have we gone like hey
first you know what the devil's not that
good let's try to ride deals with the
angel on this run and then the game just
goes about that you're going to miss
every conceivable deal with the devil
chance that you know on a normal will be
what the angel chance should say that on
a normal run would be paying out like
crazy you know it's like they're
punishing me for being a dreamer here
who dreams his life away like Ozzy
Osbourne great probably on the best song
I'm just a dreamer I dream my life away
Sharon I'm just the three man a dream
most every day Sharon oh yeah I mean
that's not nice to just fill of rock
legends down to a caricature based on
the show that made them like four
hundred million dollars and a household
name to a younger generation but look
I'm mining it okay I got no disrespect
for Ozzy Osbourne
I respect Black Sabbath war pigs Ironman
paranoid great songs dude they're
probably more than that that I'm unaware
of because I never really listened to
back catalogue but you know I'm not
givin them disrespect
I want to see a new season of The
Osbournes with about Norman Osborn and
Harry Osborn from spider-man or the
Gea's Lynx
take your pick I don't want a range
upgrade here I do want to wafer it is
way far win oh I'm excited it's poppin
off and I don't like it pop anata mo
buddies
okay great work team great work
Testament a head downwards here Tom are
you feeling all right buddy
I mean he's not feeling sick I was just
making sure that he's feeling okay you
know he's sleeping right next to a dude
who's just yelling like over and over so
you want to make sure he's feeling all
right here I would be like I'll be
yelling at myself I'll be going can you
please just shut the heck up Tom always
he's a resilient you've got that
resilient sleep going on must have a
Casper mattress
honestly the run has become I wouldn't
say unremarkable the speed down grades
hurt me in my soul because they're
actually all stamps down grades when
they could be all status upgrades but we
need something to make Libra truly pop
it's not a palpable levels I do love the
ooh okay it isn't all stats off I was
worried I would actually be like a mild
all stats down but but what is let me
give you a small downgrade in something
I can't recall what it is but I thought
it did
we need like it doesn't have to be soy
milk but I wouldn't mind it if it were
not going to take that I'm happy was I
do the straws been doing good work for
us just throw it away like a piece of
debt reduce
it's not the way I want to live my life
man okay never got a much better a
mildly better chance of making our
dreams work here am I gonna fight hush I
don't know we didn't miss boss rush but
nine lives without a certain huh skill
is always dangerous
we do have piercing piercing shielded
peers so we're really good against
bullet-hell enemies we do have the like
a guaranteed mega satan pop as well so
you know what give me a lump of coal and
I'll fight Krampus that's our deal you
got to meet me halfway I'm not like a
say my rookie deal anymore no I'm sorry
I what kind of man would I be if I if I
proposed this deal to you that was very
fair and then you just threw it all away
you know again this okay now we got 92
cents I'll go down to the hospitai the
same my rookie deal though you got to
give me something you know this is an
old earlier Brown James pay you 75 bucks
a game to you know score 40 points I'm
getting paid now I'm scoring triple
doubles and you know if you're making
money off me you need to you need to
toss me that eihwaz card so I appreciate
that you did there's actually two of
diamonds that was a big one but okay
well I mean that's not worth anything
sadly and neither really is this so we
got here we have money tell the children
now to the left now we're I don't know
we'll try like bleh oh we got restock
that's right so we should be buying good
passive students I mean I guess I'd
rather have mom's box of trinkets yeah I
mean okay sure um blank card eihwaz I
don't know give it a shot bear nothing
go back with the straw we got we got
some stuff out of that and we got a
little bit more money actually quite a
lot more money here another two items
close to three I really care what we get
here probably not so think Celtic Cross
for the
incivility is the wise choice none of
these matters so we'll go more options
nuns have it's fine PhD I think we
should grab sorry donation machine had
to be done
pay to play is not worth it all right
well it was a whiff but it wasn't like a
huge whiff almost trying to escape all
right buddy
okay you want to come in I mean I can
just hold the button down and fight
those guys we'd like to enter the room
it's really up to you is there no food
in the food dish when it rotated is this
what you're trying to tell me it will be
handled it will be handled they're
freaking out yeah there's definitely no
food in the food dish when an auto
rotated it's the thing you know we got
this Auto rotator for the food dish so
you fill in like six days of food at a
time but now we need an auto filler to
fill it once every seven days we got
like the whole rimworld
philosophy going on right now this it's
not automation yet it's just you know
automation no feeding don't give me food
if it's been six days and Riesling do
2dc 2dc 2dc - this is my meow retorts
see I knew there was something in there
some rotation no feeding don't give a
fuck if I scratch you're all bleed they
do give a fudge I think
this is like the most yawn worthy hush
fight yawn gonna make me win this fight
up in here up in here
yawn gonna make me ball out up in here
up in here y'all gonna make me look real
cool up in here up in here don't forget
to stay in school up in here like just
sanitize songs all day every day every
night but I'm just I really thought we'd
be kind of having a little bit more cook
spa on this run we don't I mean I don't
even know if the Holy Light show I know
they're the Holy Light shots are sending
beams of light down I thought maybe
because they were piercing they didn't
count as having collided for that reason
but no just give me the easy way out
here I mean you're dead I could be hit
but you will be dead so I really like it
if you could just stop trying to survive
here is lump of coal an all stats
upgrade when your shots travel a long
distance because of the fact that we
have Libra
it sounded like it was a setup to a
punchline but obviously that wasn't the
case because if there's any labs that he
had I didn't get to experience them
there um
cathedral cap he drill never mind
Spanish and feed these cans we're
looking for year of runes
and apart from that a nice ad upgrade is
an all stats upgrade as long as it
doesn't carry a penalty like a stat
penalty associated with it as well like
number one I was thinking of great rate
of fire increase does it actually count
as an all stats upgrade with Libra
because it does nerve fuel range sure it
does great things to your rate of fire
but destroys your range the answer the
question is very simple I don't know
maybe it does maybe it doesn't either
way we are like beyond safe we've killed
the only boss that that should be able
to have a chance to stop us and then we
have nine lives so I mean the mega satan
fight admittedly could throw things into
a bit of a tizzy but I'm I mean
justifiably doubtful I think would be
the correct way to phrase this just
we've got a hive mind just just give me
the Joker card let me get goofy it's not
the runs have been tough lately it's
just been a while I don't get the I
don't get the guppy pals as often as
usual or as uh as often as I used to it
should say but sure I mean you got the
wafer can't deny that still can't fly
either
small rock it wouldn't even be that
valuable with Libra something with like
Libra is like indefensible most of the
time I think it largely contributes to
runs being bad but still love it come on
come on
just getting a little silly here I'm
starting to tilt that's usually a good
sign it's like my last advisable to be
the last Isaac run of the day is when I
start to tilt off the face of the
stratosphere here now wouldn't say I'm
on the face of the stratosphere or off
the face of the stratosphere but you
know I'm starting to tilt can't deny it
so that means they'll probably do one
more get bad stuff and lose early
because of a you know compromise mental
position is a little is morale to
staying in one you know good mental
state over the course of a run there's a
science to it I'm not necessarily a
hundred percent privy to it we're doing
fine I mean you know look at our stats
and tell me I should be tilted just
don't pee down my neck and tell me it's
raining so with no yarrow room we're
gonna open all the stuff we might go
just explore for a little bit at least
small rooms because I do I I mean we
don't need to straw anymore that's
that's the straight and narrow of it so
I think we'll take this probably blow
this up and gas lock up okay lock up
okay
puberty moving towards that stat upgrade
so the stat of welders that help upgrade
at least then you d8 yourself I'm going
to say every v8 or at least maybe every
d8 actually will be an all stats up I
might be a wishfully thinking a little
bit there seven lucky means I want to
explore a little bit we actually I'm
glad I didn't forget me now because that
means you can't fight megacity sure we
get another set of items like right off
the bat foot it's sort of like we would
seven luck we should be able to create
as many items as as we'd be getting by
using the forget-me-now and then
everybody's in the same boat you know we
all win
ah no sometimes it's an all stats
downgrade I guess it's there's probably
like an array of possibilities now I'm
not making this just about like oh dae
taking one programming class but now
there's probably like an array of
possibilities and some of them are very
good and give you
like a net positive gain some of them
give you a net negative but because we
have Libra a net negative is actually a
distributed negative to every stat that
can be affected and a net positive is an
amazing positive that's a distributed
one to everyone that can benefit from
the upgrade in the first place that's
another downgrade hoping to hoping to
beat the feed the system on this one
here there we go we're back at speed
which it means everything hangman let us
keep your hand
don't forget what the goodness is a good
man or bad fan it's a Seinfeld theme
song sent down man better Oh keep your
head don't forget what's Cosmo Kramer
said George Costanza fits in there
better what George Costanza said okay
I'm this is just getting annoying oh
I'll be the first to agree with you on
that one so we're you know I don't want
to sap all the tension out of this run
right now but that's a very Canadian way
of saying out as well but I'll God my
secrets out on Canadian my secrets ooh
yay we don't sound like that
I'll go down to the fucking SL gasbar
give me a taquito on one of those nacho
cheese's or don't give me the Cheetos I
meant to Hawkins cheesy the ones from
out east what I was going to say though
is we're actually unkillable times a
million
we have yeah I mean shielded tears is
basically what guarantees at the most
that and the occasional blinding light
damage is also like very very nice but I
was like a fake Borat that was bougie
Borat very nice mmm I have the seviche
and yeah I'll take that as a starter and
can I get the the tuna the ahi tuna club
with a kale salad as the side please the
substitution will be four dollars and
seventy five cents oh yes of course
don't worry the taxpayers paying for it
oh very nice my wife will have the same
you don't order for your wife and
shoulder unless she's in the bathroom
and she says just order for me then you
know but otherwise you're being very
presumptuous let's go easy like Sunday
morning Sunday morning Sunday morning
mega Satan never stood a chance thanks
for watching hope you enjoyed it if you
did click the like button upside a great
deal of course subscribe if you want to
see more in the future and for now
thanks for watching and I'll see you
next time